feat: add validation to merged local/inline configs (#602)
coreos/butane: docs/examples.md

    - name: root
      password_hash: grub.pbkdf2.sha512.10000.874A958E5264...
```
## Merging Ignition Configs

Butane supports merging ignition configurations directly into butane configs using different methods

This example embeds a raw ignition JSON config directly into the Butane file.

<!-- butane-config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.7.0-experimental
ignition:
  config:
    merge:
    - inline: '{"ignition": {"version": "3.6.0-experimental"}}'
```

This example merges a local ignition file. The file directory can be specified using the `-d` when running Butane.

<!-- butane-config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.7.0-experimental
ignition:
  config:
    merge:
    - local: ignition.ig
```

This example fetches and merges an ignition config from a remote URL.

<!-- butane-config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.7.0-experimental
ignition:
  config:
    merge:
    - source: https://example.com/sample.ign
```

Note that if Butane encounters an Ignition version it doesn’t recognize (usually because it’s from a newer release), it shows a warning but continues processing. 

> This allows you to use newer Ignition versions without blocking the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets you embed newer Ignition versions in Butane configs without blocking on the validation by Butane.
```
